When running your program (except in headless mode), you are presented with a GUI where you can watch the explorer making moves. When the GUI is running, each call to `moveTo()` blocks until the corresponding move completes on the GUI — that is, when you make a call to `moveTo()`, that call will not return, and consequently, your code will not continue running until the corresponding animation on the GUI has been completed. Therefore, running your code in headless mode will generally complete faster than running it with the GUI.

You can use the slider on the right side of the GUI to increase or decrease the speed of the explorer. Increasing the speed will make the animation finish faster. Reducing the rate might help debug and better understand what exactly your solution is doing. Also, a timer displays the number of steps remaining during the escape phase (both as a number and a percentage). A `Print Seed` button lets you print the seed to the console to easily copy and paste it into the program arguments to retry your solution on a challenging map. You can also see the `bonus` and the number of coins collected, followed by the final score computed as the product. The bonus multiplier begins at `1.3` and slowly decreases as you take more and more steps during the explore stage (after which it is fixed), while the number of coins increases as you collect them during the escape phase. Finally, click on any square in the map to see more detailed information on the right, including its row and column, the type of tile, and the amount of gold on that square.
